#Ashtrom

Ashtrom Group Ltd. is a leading private development, construction and manufacturing concern.Built on the solid foundations of personal integrity, creativity and experience that datesback to 1963, Ashtrom Group orchestrates major worldwide and local projects, with a yearly turnover of more than US$1.2billion.

Asgtrom B.V is the Group's subsidary responsible for overseas projects. The company specializes in construction and construction-related activites in: Poland, Bulgaria, Romania, The Netherlands, Portugal, Georgia, Jamaica, Turks & Caicos, Anguila, St. Lucia, Nigeria, Dominican Republic, Equatorial Guinea, and Angola.

Ashtrom expertise covers all types oc construction and civil engineering of residential, commercial, industrial and institutional buildings, together with a full range of infrastructure projects such as roads, railroads, bridges, tunnels, sea ports, airports, power stations, water facilities and sewage treatment plants.

Ashtrom B.v often coordinates projects from inception to completion, including handling the design, planning, construction, manufacturing, procurement and installation, usually under extremely tight time constraints.

Ashtrom projects and products have a reputation for being reliable functional and aesthetic, meeting the highest international standards. Ashtrom has vast experience in various types of contracts and implementation methods including: PPP, PFI, BOT, DBOT, etc.

Ashtrom B.V employs a team of highly qualified engineers, who provide state-of-the-art solutions and building techniques for each project. Ashtrom developed the skills for introducing innovative building materials, original construction methods and sophisticated systems to the development and manufacturing arenas. Both as developer and builder of major projects in different locations, Ashtrom B.V has accumulated invaluable experience and cababilities needed to helm successful development projects. Its comprehensive skills and flexibility combined with a full range of extensive engineering expertise enables the group to explore new markets and to undertake and steer all types of significant projects.



#Strata

Strata Invesment Inc is a long established pioneering Venture capital & Asset management company established in the United states with head office in Manhattan New York.

With a capital base of US$ 2.357 Billion, Strata Investment Inc hasthe capacity to finance several viable projects in Africa (within and outside the Oil & Gas sector). today Strata is considered among the top Venture capital firms in the United States of America. The Group also has unique models & practical methods for the African market, Venture capital financing and development loan programs.

The Strata team possesses not only the knowledge and expertise across a broad range of business sectors and locations, but also key banking and investor relationships that allow Strata clients to accomplish their objectives through highly unique products under the most beneficial terms, whether closing large development projects, completing a service, or sale of a product to a major new customer. Strata sets high expectations for itself and its strategic funding sources.

The Team has over 150 years of combined experience in investment banking & finance, Asset Management, Merger & acquisition, Partner buyout and Portfolio recovery. With locations in The United States, Nigeria, South Africa, Hong Kog, Nevis and partners in London, Doha, Jordan, The UAE, and switzerland, Strata has a faily good presence in strategic locations around the globe.

Strata and itd Co-Partners are re-strengthening their focus in Trade Financing, Bridge Financing and consolidating their vantage position in Oil & gas, Power Stations, Oil Refineries, and Insurance.




#ABG COM

ABG Communication Ltd is famously known as the pioneer of cable TV (MMDS) in Nigeria and the first private broadcast station in Africa. In 1990, the trio of Alhaji bawa Garba, Engr Muhammad Bawaand Dr. Musa Bawa (G20 DG) through ABG Communications played key roles in facilitating CNN's presence and dominance in Nigeria and a number of African countries.

ABG Communications Ltd has carved a niche in the African communications sector through its various services which include: 
-Email and internet services
-V-sat
-Television and Radio programmes (Production and Broadcast)
-Pre-paid Phone card and Telecommunication services
-Cable satellite and MMDS Broadcast
-Telephony





#ABG ENERGY

In collaboration with power companies both in Nigeria and overseas, ABG ENERGY LTD engages in all processes of procurement, professional installation, training, and maintainance of power generating equipment. Its services also covers Hydro, Wind, Bio gas and Solar.




#ABG OIL & GAS

ABG Oil & Gas Limited as a member of the ABG Group with full concentration on the business of hydrocarbon trading and petroleum related equipment supply, design, construction and maintainance services.
ABG Oil & gas Ltd. also plays an active role in the Nigerian Energy industry (LPG/CNG in paticular) through:
-Investment and active participation in various segments (mainstream and downstream) of the LPG/CNG CHAIN.
-Actively promoting the use of LPG/CNG as an energy source for both domestic and industrial applications.
-Entering into technical and strategic partnerships with reputable players in the global energy industry to source and trade LPG/CNG both locally and internationaly with a view to developing and gaining the necessary resources and competencies to build a world class energy company.


#ABG-CAPS CLEAN ENERGY LIMITED

ABG-CAPS Clean Energy Group is aconsortium of ABG Energy Ltd and CAPS Clean Energy Ltd which operates in the West African energy market, with a focus on the provision of comprehensive energy needs analysis, development, financing and technical advise to enable emerging African markets plug into the renewable energy market and the inexhaustible source of energy that Solav PV in paticular presents. With a team of international experts and engineers, the consortinum provides a one-stop shop solution to large scale solars plants, whilst through the Solar Home System Solution it provides off-grid access to electricity for rural dwellers. ABG-CAPS is delighted to have been in the last three of the Utility Scale Development Companies to be short listed globally for the Solar Shark Awards in Amsterdam in february 2016, presenting to global audience of major sector players.

#Ft6

Ft6 is a unique consulting firm made up of forensic experts, auditingfirms, chatered accounting companies, and engages in fraud examination, forensic accounting, tax and special audit, debt and assets recovery/reconcilation, inventory management, financial due diligence, budget and budgetary control, financial procurement management, financial modelling and management consultancy.
Its primary objective is to work closely with relevant institutions towards recovering revenues due to Nigeria from oil block licenses, as well as revenues from illicit financial flows, royalties, tax evasions, etc.

Following meetings with President Muhammadu Buhari, and screening by relevant authorities, FT6 was mandated by the federal Government of Nigeria to track and recover specific ilicit financial flows. Other recoveries are being made in the following areas:
Under-remitted royalty payments
Uncollected Riyalty Revenues from IOCs
Under-remitted & under-reported crude oil and gas revenues to FAAC
Inappropriate and illegal Commissions that shirt-change FAAC Revenues
Routing of Royalty revenues to offshore accounts
Un-remitted revenues from Petroleum Profit Tax (PPT)
Exchange rate variations not reported to FAAC
Revenue losses from defective accounts

Extracts from FT6 database reveals and approximate recovery of US$ 17.4million between May 2019 and December 2020

Partners & Promoters
SilverShield Global Services Ltd
PrimeB Management
BAK Multi-Projects Ltd
Adio Consulting Ltd
F.E.Ijewere & Co.
HydraZebra Intergrated Services Ltd